Add k6 browser default arguments doc (#1042)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/30 xk6-browser/02 API/03 BrowserType/launch--options--.md

| proxy             | string   | `null`  | Specify to set browser's proxy configuration.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| slowMo            | string   | `null`  | Slow down input actions and navigation by the specified time e.g. `'500ms'`.                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| timeout           | string   | `'30s'` | Default timeout to use for various actions and navigation.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

### Default arguments

> List of default arguments included when launching the browser process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of default arguments included when launching the browser process. You can pass one or more of the arguments to the `ignoreDefaultArgs` field when launching a browser for the ones you want to ignore.
``

Author: Applying.

> **Note:** The starting '--' have been omitted from the argument names in these lists.

Reviewer: Should we use a "note box" as in [here](https://mdr-ci.staging.k6.io/docs/refs/pull/1042/merge/javascript-api/xk6-browser/get-started/selecting-elements/)?

Author: Done in https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1042/commits/960625a7972c3be6363079c49438b38ed6f0e7b9 plus [fixup](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1042/commits/1c18330684d8fad9bb82f075ba3e7e1e49f0aac5).

| Argument | Value  | Description                                            |
|----------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------|

> | disable-background-networking | `true` | Disables several subsystems which run network requests in the background. This is for use when doing network performance testing to avoid noise in the measurements. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disable-background-networking | `true` | Disables several subsystems which run network requests in the background. This is used during network performance testing to avoid measurement noise. |
```

Author: Applying.

| enable-features | NetworkService,<br />NetworkServiceInProcess | Comma-separated list of feature names to enable. |
| disable-background-timer-throttling | `true` | Disables task throttling of timer tasks from background pages. |
| disable-backgrounding-occluded-windows | `true` | Disables backgrounding renders for occluded windows. Done for tests to avoid nondeterministic behavior. |
| disable-breakpad | `true` | Disables the crash reporting. |
| disable-component-extensions<br />-with-background-pages | `true` | Disables default component extensions with background pages. Useful for performance tests where these pages may interfere with results. |

> | disable-default-apps | `true` | Disables installation of default apps on first run. This is used during automated testing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disable-default-apps | `true` | Disables the installation of default apps on the first run. This is used during automated testing. |
```

Author: Applying.

| disable-dev-shm-usage | `true` | The /dev/shm partition is too small in certain VM environments, causing Chrome to fail or crash. This flag provides a work-around for this issue (a temporary directory will always be used to create anonymous shared memory files). |
| disable-extensions | `true` | Disables extensions. |
| disable-features | ImprovedCookieControls,<br />LazyFrameLoading,<br />GlobalMediaControls,<br />DestroyProfileOnBrowserClose,<br />MediaRouter,<br />AcceptCHFrame | Comma-separated list of feature names to disable. |

> | disable-hang-monitor | `true` | Suppresses hang monitor dialogs in renderer processes. This may allow slow unload handlers on a page to prevent the tab from closing, but the Task Manager can be used to terminate the offending process in this case. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disable-hang-monitor | `true` | Suppresses hang monitor dialogs in renderer processes. This may allow slowing unload handlers on a page to prevent the tab from closing, but the Task Manager can be used to terminate the offending process in this case. |
```

Author: I don't think this has exactly the same meaning no?

Reviewer: Sounded more grammatically correct to me 🤷 😅

Reviewer 2: 1. This may allow slow unload handlers -- the unload handlers are slow
2. This may allow slowing unload handlers -- the unload handlers are slowing down

Which one is it?

Author: Yes, that's the subtle difference that I was understanding too. I would stick to number 1 as that's the one given in chromium source.

| disable-ipc-flooding-protection | `true` | Disables the IPC flooding protection. It is activated by default. Some javascript functions can be used to flood the browser process with IPC. This protection limits the rate at which they can be used. |
| disable-popup-blocking | `true` | Disables pop-up blocking. |

> | disable-prompt-on-repost | `true` | Normally when the user attempts to navigate to a page that was the result of a post request, the browser prompts to make sure that's the intention of the user. This switch may be used to disable that check. This switch is used during automated testing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disable-prompt-on-repost | `true` | Usually, when the user attempts to navigate to a page that was the result of a post request, the browser prompts to make sure that's the intention of the user. This switch may be used to disable that check during automated testing.  |
```

Author: Applying.

| disable-renderer-backgrounding | `true` | Prevents renderer process backgrounding when set. |
| force-color-profile | `srgb` | Forces all monitors to be treated as though they have the specified color profile. Accepted values are "srgb" and "generic-rgb" (currently used by Mac layout tests) and "color-spin-gamma24" (used by layout tests). |

> | metrics-recording-only | `true` | Enables the recording of metrics reports but disables reporting. This executes all the code that a normal client would use for reporting, except the report is dropped rather than sent to the server. This is useful for finding issues in the metrics code during UI and performance tests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| metrics-recording-only | `true` | Enables the recording of metrics reports but disables reporting. This executes all the code a normal client would use for reporting, except the report is dropped rather than sent to the server. This is useful for finding issues in the metrics code during UI and performance tests. |
```

Author: I think current version is more correct no?

Reviewer: No strong opinions.

> | no-first-run | `true` | Skips the "First Run" tasks, whether or not it's actually the first run, and the "What's New" page. This does not drop the "First Run" sentinel and thus doesn't prevent "First Run" from occurring the next time chrome is launched without this flag. It also does not update the last "What's New" milestone, so does not prevent "What's New" from occurring the next time chrome is launched without this flag. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| no-first-run | `true` | Skips the "First Run" tasks, whether or not it's the first run, and the "What's New" page. This does not drop the "First Run" sentinel and thus doesn't prevent "First Run" from occurring the next time Chromium is launched without this flag. It also does not update the last "What's New" milestone, so it does not prevent "What's New" from occurring the next time Chromium is launched without this flag. |
```

Author: :+1:

> | enable-automation | `true` | Enables indication that browser is controlled by automation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable-automation | `true` | Enables indication that the browser is controlled by automation. |
```

> | password-store | `basic` | Specifies which encryption storage backend to use. Possible values are kwallet, kwallet5, gnome, gnome-keyring, gnome-libsecret, basic. Any other value will lead to Chrome detecting the best backend automatically.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| password-store | `basic` | Specifies which encryption storage backend to use. The possible values are kwallet, kwallet5, gnome, gnome-keyring, gnome-libsecret, and basic. Any other value will lead to Chromium detecting the best backend automatically. |
```

Author: I don't think the "the" is required, but applying for the other suggestions.

| use-mock-keychain | `true` | Uses mock keychain on Mac to prevent the blocking permissions dialog about: "Chrome wants to use your confidential information stored in your keychain." |
| no-service-autorun | `true` | Disables the service process from adding itself as an autorun process. This does not delete existing autorun registrations, it just prevents the service from registering a new one. |
| no-startup-window | `true` | Does not automatically open a browser window on startup (used when launching Chrome for the purpose of hosting background apps). |
| no-default-browser-check | `true` | Disables the default browser check. Useful for UI/browser tests where we want to avoid having the default browser info-bar displayed. |
| no-sandbox | `true` | Disables the sandbox for all process types that are normally sandboxed. Meant to be used as a browser-level switch for testing purposes only. |
| headless | `true`/`false` | Run in headless mode, i.e., without a UI or display server dependencies. Set by [launch options](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/browsertype/launch/) (default true).  |

> | auto-open-devtools-for-tabs | `true`/`false` | This flag makes Chrome auto-open DevTools window for each tab. It is intended to be used by developers and automation to not require user interaction for opening DevTools. Set by [launch options](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/browsertype/launch/) (default false). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auto-open-devtools-for-tabs | `true`/`false` | This flag makes Chrome auto-open the DevTools window for each tab. It is intended to be used by developers and automation, not to require user interaction for opening DevTools. Set by [launch options](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/api/browsertype/launch/) (default false). |
```

| proxy             | string   | `null`  | Specify to set browser's proxy configuration.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| slowMo            | string   | `null`  | Slow down input actions and navigation by the specified time e.g. `'500ms'`.                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| timeout           | string   | `'30s'` | Default timeout to use for various actions and navigation.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> ### Default arguments

Reviewer 3: This way, it can be added to the side table of contents. Currently, we have Examples only.
<img width="176" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-10 at 14 43 38" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10811379/218119812-16316f38-216c-4304-bd0a-ef4162493f09.png">

List of default arguments included when launching the browser process. You can pass one or more of the arguments to the `ignoreDefaultArgs` field when launching a browser for the ones you want to ignore.

<Blockquote mod="note">

The starting '--' have been omitted from the argument names in these lists.

</Blockquote>

| Argument | Value  | Description                                            |
|----------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| disable-background-networking | `true` | Disables several subsystems which run network requests in the background. This is used during network performance testing to avoid measurement noise. |
| enable-features | NetworkService,<br />NetworkServiceInProcess | Comma-separated list of feature names to enable. |
| disable-background-timer-throttling | `true` | Disables task throttling of timer tasks from background pages. |

> | disable-backgrounding-occluded-windows | `true` | Disables backgrounding renders for occluded windows. Done for tests to avoid nondeterministic behavior. |

Author: Yes, most of these definition are obtained from the definition given in the chromium project itself, and adapted a little bit, and in this case even the parameter name includes the `occluded` name :smile: , but yes, I agree that is not the easiest to understand. Let me try to find a replacement for it in the description!

> | disable-backgrounding-occluded-windows | `true` | Disables backgrounding renders for occluded windows. Done for tests to avoid nondeterministic behavior. |

Author: Having a hard time finding a good replacement as occluded is used in other chrome parameters names and therefore is pretty used in discussions around the parameters etc. As an alternative, do you think maybe "off screen" is a better fit?

> | disable-backgrounding-occluded-windows | `true` | Disables backgrounding renders for occluded windows. Done for tests to avoid nondeterministic behavior. |

Reviewer 3: Hmm, I see, I guess if it's widely used within Chrome then let's just stick to it 👍🏼
I learned a new word, then! :D

| disable-features | ImprovedCookieControls,<br />LazyFrameLoading,<br />GlobalMediaControls,<br />DestroyProfileOnBrowserClose,<br />MediaRouter,<br />AcceptCHFrame | Comma-separated list of feature names to disable. |
| disable-hang-monitor | `true` | Suppresses hang monitor dialogs in renderer processes. This may allow slow unload handlers on a page to prevent the tab from closing, but the Task Manager can be used to terminate the offending process in this case. |
| disable-ipc-flooding-protection | `true` | Disables the IPC flooding protection. It is activated by default. Some javascript functions can be used to flood the browser process with IPC. This protection limits the rate at which they can be used. |
| disable-popup-blocking | `true` | Disables pop-up blocking. |
| disable-prompt-on-repost | `true` | Usually, when the user attempts to navigate to a page that was the result of a post request, the browser prompts to make sure that's the intention of the user. This switch may be used to disable that check during automated testing.  |
| disable-renderer-backgrounding | `true` | Prevents renderer process backgrounding when set. |

> | force-color-profile | `srgb` | Forces all monitors to be treated as though they have the specified color profile. Accepted values are "srgb" and "generic-rgb" (currently used by Mac layout tests) and "color-spin-gamma24" (used by layout tests). |

Reviewer 3: Should the other values be added under the `value` column?

Author: My intention with the `value` column is to define the current value that is set by default, therefore in this case from the list available specified in the description, in our implementation we set the `srgb`. Does that make sense like this? :thinking:

Reviewer 3: Got it, makes sense now 👍🏼
